docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/rust.md

## How it works

1. Renovate searches in each repository for any `Cargo.toml` files

> 2. Renovate extracts existing dependencies from `[dependencies]`, `[dev-dependencies]`, `[build-dependencies]` and `[workspace.dependencies]`
> 3. Renovate looks up Cargo configuration to find index URLs for private registries
> 4. Renovate resolves the dependency's version using the crates.io API or by cloning the index URL
> 5. If Renovate finds an update, Renovate will use `cargo update` to update both `Cargo.toml` and `Cargo.lock`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Renovate extracts existing dependencies from `[dependencies]`, `[dev-dependencies]`, `[build-dependencies]` and `[workspace.dependencies]`
1. Renovate looks up Cargo configuration to find index URLs for private registries
1. Renovate resolves the dependency's version using the crates.io API or by cloning the index URL
1. If Renovate finds an update, Renovate will use `cargo update` to update both `Cargo.toml` and `Cargo.lock`
```
